Create Where-can-I-find-my-IP? (#112)
BeamMP/Docs: Where-can-I-find-my-IP.md

# How can I find the IP of my Server?

## For VPS Hosted Servers
If you are hosting a server with one of our partnered hosting services, the IP will be posted on the respective Server Management Interface.
You can also find the IP for your Server(s) on the [Keymaster](https://keymaster.beammp.com/login) Website.

## For Home-Hosted Servers
For Servers hosted at home, open [whatsmyip.org](https://whatsmyip.org) in a Browser.

> This will output the public IPv4 address your you are being contacted with from the Global Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will output the public IPv4 address you are being contacted with from the Internet.
```

Note, that 127.0.0.1 is the localhost address and can only be used by yourself, if the Server is hosted on the same Computer.
If you are still having connection troubles with your home hosted server, check (probablyup.net)[https://probablyup.net/api] and the (port forwarding guide)[https://docs.beammp.com/server/port-forwarding/]

## How to check for CGNAT?

> CGNAT, short for Carrier Grade Network address translation, causes you being unable to host a server at home.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CGNAT, short for Carrier Grade Network address translation, shares a public IP with multiple clients of the same Internet Service Provider, which means you will be unable to host a server at home.
```

To get around this, you can ask a friend to host the server, or host it with one of our (partnered hosting services)[https://docs.beammp.com/server/create-a-server/#1-port-forwarding:~:text=our%20partnered%20Services!-,Paid%20Services%3A,-Horizon%20Hosting]!

> You can also try calling your ISP. Be aware, that a *static* IPv4 isn't necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also try calling your ISP and ask them if its possible to change your connection to an exclusive public IP. Be aware that a *static* IPv4 isn't necessary, but most likely your ISP can only appoint an exclusive IP if its also static. There might also be extra costs involved.
```
